Beranji
Shochiku
In the weekends tends to shine 리
Shadow赤日
The footsteps on clay
The police and the police are protecting the country.
The police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the
police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the police, the
police, so surprised it is ready
,
The sun shines bright
Now we can't escape from the net of the sky
Let's meet at the city gate
We'll know if we step on it
Look, old man, you've come again
The burnt train is leaving
The blue clouds are coming from the sky
The festival is about to begin